I'm not the type of photography that's
going to go out and find thanks to
photograph i'm going to create things to
photograph Kathy nine starters bodywork
back in $MONTH 2005 so series called the
city postulates a worldpost mankind
something has happened that's a
decimated the human population so these
are the city after man is gone and it's
just the way that buildings age and
crumble and nature takes back some of
the spaces and I thought just the last
thing that should be would be an artist
studio and what better reference do i
have in my own studio even though i may
be only get behind my camera three times
a year and I spend more time working
with my hands I'm definitely a
photographer more than a sculptor I feel
like I know how to make the camera live
and we have to build the diorama from
one . vantage point so when you go into
a 360 moving around its not going behind
the scenes and broadway
you know behind the currents are all the
mechanisms to to make it run same with
the diorama if you've been to our living
room you'll notice that it actually
looks like the end of the world looks
like a disaster a disaster scene and
this model is kind of fun it's actually
cleaner than our actual living room
kinda sad to say we used to have a couch
and then like one little table to work
on get rid of the couch
got a bigger table yeah people either
like all the clutter and find it
inspiring or it makes people really
anxious and they like really can't stay
here very long
it's nice working within the apartment
because it ends up being a real blend so
do this and i'll stop maybe and go make
lunch and then you know do some other
house things while they paint drying
something and come back if I did go
somewhere I don't think I'd find it
satisfying but then this is also the
dining table and get out
it's a double-edged sword for sure the
subway was in the living room in the
scene so we knew that we had to have it
in the final model too so i made a
replica of a replica of a subway
initially I was just come in and do a
little bit here and there and you know
it was not either of our intention for
my role to sort of grow but i like this
but you were already pretty established
as you and you know we need that to keep
going but she gets so much grief from
her mother controlling the anger haha i
think for now it's kind of wound up
where it started it is lori's name on
the work and I'm fine with that I want
to make things
and you know having my name front center
isn't necessarily why I want to do it so
far this is only had my name on this
work even though she's a huge part of it
but i think from here on out if if she
wants it will change the name from like
Lori next to Nixon gerber ya know
Mexican with October necks
that's a drug company if it's small and
detail-oriented Kathleen's gonna do it
because she has the patience and the
mindset for working small and delicate
and if it's a large requires any sort of
measuring and knife skills is going to
be although you do have good knife
skills but more for carving not for
cutting yeah
there's always like one thing that will
buy and we scale things up around it but
for this particular one we fabricated
just about everything in the scene
I flatbed scanner all the books in my
bookshelves same with my CDs on the
internet i was able to find all of like
these CD covers so I typed in all the
other things that i have in my
collection they printed them up and then
I glued to a multiplex then polish for
the edges so that it looks like its
actual CD case of a huge cowboy junkies
fan here is Kate Bush
here's a patty griffin working Bush
these Laurie Laurie made they were a
piece of like PVC tubing and then I was
like a little washer to make it look
like a pinky very resourceful
we're trying to keep everything is as
real as possible i messed up on the on
the flat files because mine actually has
five and i only made for I don't know
why because they don't have clothes and
yeah they open that very important for a
still photograph that they believe but
this little details that really make the
scene come alive with the fan in the
back window the power cords going
everywhere little items on the on the
table
then Kathleen created this great chair
and the light and everything else I
really like your brushes I think they're
just great that the cans and the brushes
are amazing but i thought this would be
a nice way to end the series this is
because we mrs. where we spend so much
time
yeah this is where everything is created
is yeah this is everything
I'm too close to see the illusion have
to like rely on friends to tell me
whether it works or not especially with
this one
most people look at when they look at
our you get their attention for I
believe it's three seconds maybe four if
you're lucky
so that hopefully by making that that
juxtaposition between real not real
maybe they might look at the piece a
little bit longer if they even get into
this type of artwork
it's not for everybody after I've lived
with it for seven months because that's
usually how long it takes us to build
and then photograph then I take out what
other objects might be able to be
repurposed in a scene and then the rest
gets broken down into small pieces put
into black trash bags and taken to the
curb some of the objects will find their
way into the next bodywork have no
problem
decommissioning the studio i love
throwing my scenes away because it means
i'm ready to start the next scene